Support customizing antialiasing for text and annotation (#25775)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/antialiasing_text_annotation.rst

Support customizing antialiasing for text and annotation
--------------------------------------------------------
``matplotlib.pyplot.annotate()`` and ``matplotlib.pyplot.text()`` now support parameter ``antialiased``.
When ``antialiased`` is set to ``True``, antialiasing will be applied to the text.
When ``antialiased`` is set to ``False``, antialiasing will not be applied to the text.
When ``antialiased`` is not specified, antialiasing will be set by ``rcParams['text.antialiased']`` at the creation time of ``Text`` and ``Annotation`` object.
Examples:

.. code-block::

    mpl.text.Text(.5, .5, "foo\nbar", antialiased=True)
    plt.text(0.5, 0.5, '6 inches x 2 inches', antialiased=True)
    ax.annotate('local max', xy=(2, 1), xytext=(3, 1.5), antialiased=False)

> If the text contains math expression, then anaialiasing will be set by ``rcParams['text.antialiased']``, and ``antialiased`` will have no effect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the text contains math expression, then anaialiasing will be set by :rc:`text.antialiased`, and *antialiased* will have no effect
```

Reviewer: This goes for all locations here and in the API change note.

This applies to the whole text.
Examples:

.. code-block::

    # no part will be antialiased for the text below
    plt.text(0.5, 0.25, r"$I'm \sqrt{x}$", antialiased=False)

> Also note that antialiasing for tick labeles will be set with ``rcParams['text.antialiased']`` when they are created (usually when a ``Figure`` is created) and cannot be changed afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note that antialiasing for tick labels will be set with :rc:`text.antialiased` when they are created (usually when a ``Figure`` is created) and cannot be changed afterwards.
```
